Xia Ruyan, you are really capable.
Climbed into Tingyue's bed
Now I've hooked up with the big boy who scrutinizes
Who made you so cheap?
Poplar
Did I get the handle?
Ting Yue hates restless women the most
What's your trouble?
Yard Are we all so rusty now?
I just wanted to come and see you
Nothing to see, go back
courtyard
I was forced to marry your second brother back then
You are abroad
If I don't marry him
Our family is going bankrupt
This Autumn
Do you really want to show the design draft to the naked person?
Ah, yes, Mr. Lu explained it
You have to show him all the design drafts
It must be because of my seniors that day
Said he deliberately tossed it
Why won't you forgive me?
Because you are my second sister-in-law
And I'm also married
Tingyue, I know you don't love him at all
All because he climbed into your bed
Gave birth to your child
You will only be responsible for him if you have to
I know you still have me in your heart